[MUSIC]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So we were just
doing the last closure exercise.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Which
is to use the module
pattern to create a toaster.
And there's a bunch of different ways you
can do this, this is just sort of like
expressing, I don't know, your creative
side when making your program.
So this is an example of a toaster
that has a maxTemp of 500.
So, how we'd call this, we'd say, var,
this is actually gonna be toaster.
So var myToaster = toaster
: and then you can say
myToaster.setTemp I'm sorry.
This should also be private.
SetTemp = I don't know,
300 and then so, I'm sorry,
we should pass the 300 like this,
since it's a function.
So myToaster.setTemp,
we're gonna pass it 300.
So and this says if the newTemp here.
>> Speaker 2: We wanna
come after calculate.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Nope
because good point,
there we go.
Thank you.
So we have set temp
we're gonna pass at 300.
So, newTemp is now 300 and it says,
if newTemp is greater than maxTemp,
maxTemp is 500 or console.log, that temp
is too high, otherwise temp = newTemp.
And so, what this does is this prevents
people from being able to set the
temperature of your toaster to too high.
Anyone else?
How else do people implement this?
A different implementation?
Rich I think you had one, what was yours?
>> Rich: I just kind of
modeled it over the car one.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm.
>> Rich: And let the user increment
the like the light dark type things?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay,
so like the timer kind of?
>> Rich: Yeah, exactly.
And then they're gonna input
like if it was just one slice
then it wasn't gonna go for as long, and
if it was two slices it would or whatever.
But it wouldn't let the user mess
with the inner workings of how
long the toaster should run.
Your user can't change the next temp,
so overrun it.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Right,
cool, awesome, so
that is really an example
of making a class
like constructor and
JavaScript which is cool.
The second thing we were gonna do that
we did was the callback exercises.
So I'm just gonna paste this in.
Do this really quick.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right.
So the first one says, write a function,
funcCaller, that takes func which would be
a function, and an arg which
could be any kind of data, and
the function returns func called
with the arg as an argument.
So the first thing we need to do is to
write a function called funcCaller.
So that just equals the function and
again it takes the func,
and then it takes an arg.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
excuse me, and then we are going
to call func with arg and return it.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
that's the first one.
The second one is
the function called firstVal.
So we say firstVal equal the function,
right?
There's our function body and our first
parameter is going to be an array and
then the next one is gonna be a function,
and
we're gonna call the function with
the first value of the array, right?
So, array, at the zeroth index.
And we're gonna call that
index which is gonna be zero.
And then we're gonna
pass the entire array.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool?
>> Rich: And
that's where I kind of got tripped up.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Do you
have a question about it?
>> Rich: Yeah, I guess it's maybe
the wording of the thing so it's gonna
call a function with just those three
arguments, one half will be the first one.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Rich: Next one,
I don't understand index
pound index number.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, index number.
And then the whole array, yeah.
Cool.
And, so now we're going to write
a different version of first file,
that doesn't matter if it's an array or
object.
So, we're just going to call it a list.
It's gonna take a func.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
what we can do here,
we can say if we can
say like Array.isArray.
So this is just a method that
checks if something is an array.
So, we can just pass
only pass list to it and
then it will return true if it's an array.
So if it's an array, we're just gonna
do like the same as before right.
We're just gonna pass the first one.
Else, we're going to deal
with it if it's an object.
So we're just assuming that
it's either array or an object.
So one way we could do this,
we could just loop
through, so var k in list.
So we can just loop through the list, and
then we can just return out of it, return.
And this would just loop once.
K, our list[k], so
this is just a property value, and
this is the property, and
this is the entire list.
And if you return out of it,
then it will stop looping,
then we can just return this one too,
so it's consistent.
So that's one way to do it,
you can also just do, so
there's this one method
called object.keys, and
then you can pass the list there, and this
returns an array of all of the properties,
so we can call this propArray and
then we can say,
then we can say, func and
then we don't need to return it.
We say func proper a,
func list, and this is getting the value.
List prop array at I,
prop array at I which,
again, is the proper name.
So, object.key.
So what it does is it returns an array
of all the keys in that object.
And then list.
So, that's just another
way that you can do it.
>> Rich: Where are the I's coming from.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: I'm sorry,
it should be zero.
I'm just so used to doing I, thank you.
Yeah, zero.